# Luxury-Modern-Style-House-Design-Ideas---The-BNK-Group
The BNK group over the last 15 years has focused and developed a key strength with a great good will for interior design solutions for HNI residences, villas and hospitality projects. At THE BNK GROUP, we believe in delivering a project keeping in mind the client’s personal philosophy, needs and tastes and transforming these ideas into an end result that displays great quality &amp; seamless execution.  Apartment by the Bay: This luxury apartment was situated in one of the most prestigious buildings in Mumbai. The client had a clear brief to use blue and white through the house and create a great sense of luxury. Inspired by the colours of Santorini, the design used white as the major colour but in various mediums. From the faux alabaster to the leather, wallpaper, 3D moulded panelled ceiling, the white was introduced as an expression of form rather than colour. The clever interspersing of colour from cushions and rugs creates a serene yet luxurious environment. Handpicked art adds a third dimension to an otherwise neutral palette.  The highlight of the house is the corner seating by the window with a curated light from ‘Serip‘coming over the seating and creating a functional yet sculptural corner of the house.  The detailing of this house went to great lengths where for example to camouflage the long corridor adorn with doors to clean up the multiple elements mirror was used effectively.  The dining area has a crockery unit that acts as a buffet replete with hot plates, bottle cooler and an ice cream bin. Carefully thought out wardrobes with inbuilt minibar facility was another new detail introduced into true design. Overall this project is a symbol of luxury meeting and serenity. To know more: https://thebnkgroup.com/projects/luxury-residential-apartment-interior-design
